# CSC250Journal

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

  One of the most important jobs of the Project Owner is to obtain information from the user and interpret it in a way the team can use to produce the product. To do this the product owner must stay in contact with the user, ask leading questions to really understand what the product should do, how it should react to input, and what specific requirements the user is looking for. Follow-up questions may be neccessary to understand what the user is trying to have done. The initial information should be retrieved in a in-person meeting but the follow-up questions may be by video/voice call or e-mail if it is something simple. "User Stories" assist in relaying all this information to the development team and Scrum Master. It puts the neccessities in perspective and the stories are used to build the product backlog. The backlog takes the user stories in order of importance and size and prioritizes them in a case by case basis for the current or upcoming sprints. 
  One should approach developing programs with an open mind. Being able to see a solution and build on it often needs creativity. Someone in program development should know their skills, know their role, the responsibilities of the role, know who their team mates are and what skills their team mates have. They should be open to communication and willing to reach out if they approach an issue or need assistance. One important pricess I hope to inforporate into my future work is the daily scrum meeting. Even if I am working solo on something to be able to take a few minutes to step back, see what has been done, what needs to be accomploshed and think about any problems I am having, and how to overcome them is important. It is something that can save your sanity when struggling and maybe even bring new ideas forward you would not have seen without taking a few minutes. 
  Being a good team member is software development is being reliable and available. Being someone who other can count on to get their work done and help others is important. You also need to be open to communication and feedback from your team. Whether it is something you can assist them in getting done or something you can improve upon for yourself, being able to communicate effectively and often is key. Being someone who is flexible also helps when working agile and something comes up that changes the backlog and needs to be addressed in a pinch. Lastly, you want to be someone who fosters a good work environment and creates good relationships with your peers. Pleasant people are pleasant to be around and it makes a difference when you can have positive relationships with your team mates. 
